feat(changelog): containers-added-custom-domains-now-supports-websockets 2025-08-28 (#5481)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/august2025/2025-08-28-containers-added-custom-domains-now-supports-websockets.mdx

---

> title: Custom domains now supports WebSockets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Custom domains now support WebSockets
```

status: added
date: 2025-08-28
category: serverless
product: containers
---

> Serverless Containers configured with Custom Domain is now compatible with Websockets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Serverless Containers configured with custom domains are now compatible with WebSockets.
```
